CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

PBjam is open source and we welcome contributions, large or small!

Raising issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you're having problems with the code, either because you uncover a bug or there's something that's just totally unintuitive about using PBjam, feel free to `raise an issue <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/issues>`_ (**do search the list of issues first though!**). When raising issues please explain what you tried to do, how to did it, and what PBjam threw back at you when you did.

We will try to address the issue as soon as possible.

Making pull requests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you spot an issue that you know the solution to, and can write a patch for it, feel free to make a pull request for it! Please clearly explain what the pull request is meant to fix, and how you went about fixing it. 

You can also add new features, this might take a bit more back-and-forth with the main authors of PBjam, as we do have some ideas about what PBjam is meant for. Read the `visions notes <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/VISION.rst>`_ where we try to explain the rational behind PBjam. 

Please make sure to include docstrings in your submissions, along with the odd inline comment. This makes reviewing the submission that much easier. See the `example docstring <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/Examples/example_docstrings.rst>`_ for ideas on writing basic documentation.

Providing a few unit tests of your functions would be very helpful.See the `example unittest <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/Examples/example_unittests.rst>`_ for a very simple example.

Commit message:

Various updates to submodules and documentation updates (#282)
* updating the desired method for making PRs

* started making tests

* moved samplers to a their own module

* moved samplers to their own module

* kwargs fix to integrate into star

* rename for consistency

* initial working version of star

* simplified IO since LK is much faster these days

* naming fix for consistency

* renaming for consistency

* bringing IO and session up to date

* adding doppler velocity correction

* fix for lnlike test in initSamples

* RVs can now be input into star

* adding speed of light to constants

* Update to the star class tutorial.

* adding kstest to peakbag results

* fix issue with slanted echelles

* fix for slanted echelles due to echelle sampling argument

* added arg to modeID call to specify model

* adding automatic model selection to l=1 model

* updating main dir for pypi upload

* more cleanup

* cleaning up examples

* adding some chaos

* updating docs

* fix some paths to examples

* adding tqdm

* not used??

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

PBjam is open source and we welcome contributions, large or small!

Raising issues
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you're having problems with the code, either because you uncover a bug or there's something that's just totally unintuitive about using PBjam, feel free to `raise an issue <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/issues>`_ (**do search the list of issues first though!**). When raising issues please explain what you tried to do, how to did it, and what PBjam threw back at you when you did.

We will try to address the issue as soon as possible.

Making pull requests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you spot an issue that you know the solution to, and can write a patch for it, feel free to make a pull request for it! 

One way to do this is:

- Go to `Branches <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/branches>`_  
- Create a new branch **from the dev branch**
- Clone the repo to your local machine
- On your local machine do ``Checkout mynewbranch``, do the edits and push the changes to the new branch on Github. 
- You can then submit a pull request which will be reviewed. 

**For changes big or small, or new features please only create branches off of the dev branch, not master**

Also, please clearly explain what the pull request is meant to fix, and how you went about fixing it.

Please make sure to include docstrings in your submissions, along with the odd inline comment. This makes reviewing the submission that much easier. See the `example docstring <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/docs/source/Examples/example_docstrings.rst>`_ for ideas on writing basic documentation.

Providing a few unit tests of your functions would be very helpful too. See the `example unittest <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/docs/source/Examples/example_unittests.rst>`_ for a very simple example.
