README.rst, before:


PBjam
============================

**Peakbagging made easy**

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-PBjam-green.svg
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pbjam/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://pbjam.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/LICENSE
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/grd349/PBjam.svg
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/issues
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/pbjam.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/pbjam
.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/grd349/PBjam.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/grd349/PBjam
.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2012.00580-B31B1B.svg
    :target: https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.00580

PBjam is toolbox for modeling the oscillation spectra of solar-like oscillators. This involves two main parts: identifying a set of modes of interest, and accurately modeling those modes to measure their frequencies.

Currently, the mode identification is based on fitting the asymptotic relation to the l=2,0 pairs, relying on the cumulative sum of prior knowledge gained from NASA's Kepler mission to inform the fitting process.

Modeling the modes, or 'peakbagging', is done using the HMC sampler from `pymc3 <https://docs.pymc.io/>`_, which fits a Lorentzian to each of the identified modes, with much fewer priors than during he mode ID process. This allows for a more accurate model of the spectrum of frequencies, than the heavily parameterized models like the asymptotic relation.


Read the docs at `pbjam.readthedocs.io <http://pbjam.readthedocs.io/>`_.

.. inclusion_marker0


Contributing
------------
If you want to raise and issue or contribute code to PBjam, see the `guidelines on contributing <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.

Authors
-------
There are different ways to contribute to PBjam, the Scientific Influencers help guide the scientific aspects of PBjam, the Chaos Engineers try to break the code or simply report bugs, while the Main Contributors submit Pull Requests with somewhat bigger additions to the code or documentation. 

===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================
Main Contributors                                     Chaos Engineers                                  Scientific Influencers
===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================
`Lindsey Carboneau <https://github.com/lmcarboneau>`_ `Warrick Ball <https://github.com/warrickball>`_ `Othman Benomar <https://github.com/OthmanB>`_
`Guy Davies <https://github.com/grd349>`_             `Rafa Garcia <https://github.com/rgarcibus>`_    Bill Chaplin 
`Oliver Hall <https://github.com/ojhall94>`_          `Tanda Li <https://github.com/litanda>`_	       `Enrico Corsaro <https://github.com/EnricoCorsaro>`_
`Alex Lyttle <https://github.com/alexlyttle>`_        `Joel Ong <https://github.com/darthoctopus>`_    `Patrick Gaulme <https://github.com/gaulme>`_  
`Martin Nielsen <https://github.com/nielsenmb>`_      |                                                `Mikkel Lund <https://github.com/Miklnl>`_
|                                                     |                                                Benoit Mosser 
|                                                     |                                                Andy Moya
|                                                     |                                                Ian Roxburgh
===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================


Acknowledgements
----------------
If you use PBjam in your work please cite the PBjam paper (forthcoming), and if possible provide links to the GitHub repository. 

We encourage PBjam users to also cite the packages and publications that PBjam makes use of. PBjam will automatically keep track of the publications that were used during a run, and can list them for you in bibtex format (see the `Referencing Notebook <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/tree/master/Examples/Example-references.ipynb>`_).

Commit message:

Various updates to submodules and documentation updates (#282)
* updating the desired method for making PRs

* started making tests

* moved samplers to a their own module

* moved samplers to their own module

* kwargs fix to integrate into star

* rename for consistency

* initial working version of star

* simplified IO since LK is much faster these days

* naming fix for consistency

* renaming for consistency

* bringing IO and session up to date

* adding doppler velocity correction

* fix for lnlike test in initSamples

* RVs can now be input into star

* adding speed of light to constants

* Update to the star class tutorial.

* adding kstest to peakbag results

* fix issue with slanted echelles

* fix for slanted echelles due to echelle sampling argument

* added arg to modeID call to specify model

* adding automatic model selection to l=1 model

* updating main dir for pypi upload

* more cleanup

* cleaning up examples

* adding some chaos

* updating docs

* fix some paths to examples

* adding tqdm

* not used??

README.rst, after:


PBjam 2
============================

**Peakbagging made easy**

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-PBjam-green.svg
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pbjam/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://pbjam.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/LICENSE
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/grd349/PBjam.svg
    :target: https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/issues
.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/pbjam.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/pbjam
.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2012.00580-B31B1B.svg
    :target: https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.00580

PBjam is toolbox for analyzing the oscillation spectra of solar-like oscillators. This involves two main parts: identifying a set of modes of interest in a spectrum of oscillations, and accurately modeling those modes to measure their frequencies.

The mode identification works by fitting the asymptotic relation for p-modes to the l=2,0 pairs, which is followed by a applying selection of models for fitting the l=1 modes where each model is suitable for different stages of evolution.
The process relies on of large set of previous observations of the model parameters, which are then used to construct a prior distribution to inform the sampling. The observations have been gathered from the Kepler, K2 and TESS missions, and expanding it to improve accuracy is an on-going process. 

Modeling the modes, or 'peakbagging', is done using the a nested sampling or MCMC algorithm, where Lorentzian profiles are fit to each of the identified modes, with much fewer contraints than during the mode ID process. This allows for a more accurate model of the spectrum of frequencies than the heavily parameterized models like the asymptotic relations.

To get started with PBjam please see the docs at `pbjam.readthedocs.io <http://pbjam.readthedocs.io/>`_.

.. inclusion_marker0


Contributing
------------
If you want to raise an issue or contribute code to PBjam, see the `guidelines on contributing <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.

Authors
-------
There are different ways to contribute to PBjam, the Scientific Influencers help guide the scientific aspects of PBjam, the Chaos Engineers try to break the code or simply report bugs, while the Main Contributors submit Pull Requests with somewhat bigger additions to the code or documentation. 

===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================
Main Contributors                                     Chaos Engineers                                  Scientific Influencers
===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================
`Lindsey Carboneau <https://github.com/lmcarboneau>`_ `Warrick Ball <https://github.com/warrickball>`_ `Othman Benomar <https://github.com/OthmanB>`_
`Guy Davies <https://github.com/grd349>`_             `Rafa Garcia <https://github.com/rgarcibus>`_    Bill Chaplin 
`Oliver Hall <https://github.com/ojhall94>`_          `Tanda Li <https://github.com/litanda>`_	       `Enrico Corsaro <https://github.com/EnricoCorsaro>`_
`Alex Lyttle <https://github.com/alexlyttle>`_        Angharad Weeks                                   `Patrick Gaulme <https://github.com/gaulme>`_  
`Martin Nielsen <https://github.com/nielsenmb>`_      Jens Rersted Larsen                              `Mikkel Lund <https://github.com/Miklnl>`_
`Joel Ong <https://github.com/darthoctopus>`_         |                                                Benoit Mosser 
`George Hookway <https://github.com/George-Hookway>`_ |                                                Andy Moya
|                                                     |                                                Ian Roxburgh
===================================================== ================================================ ====================================================


Acknowledgements
----------------
If you use PBjam in your work please cite the one of the PBjam papers (`Paper I Nielsen et al. 2021 <https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2021AJ....161...62N/abstract>`_,  `Paper II Nielsen et al. 2023 <https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2023A%26A...676A.117N/abstract>`_ ), and if possible provide links to the `GitHub repository <https://github.com/grd349/PBjam>`_. 

We encourage users to also cite the packages and publications that PBjam makes use of.
